enhance nearest neighbor analysis algorithm (#5898)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectoranalysis.rst

Nearest neighbour analysis
--------------------------
Performs nearest neighbor analysis for a point layer. Comparing the Z-Score 

> with the normal distribution tells you how you data are distributed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the normal distribution tells you how your data are distributed.
```

> A low Z-Score means that the chance that the data are distributed randomely are
> very unlikely while a high Z-Score means that it is very likely that your data
> are distributed in a dispersed way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A low Z-Score means that the data are unlikely distributed randomly
while a high Z-Score means that your data are very likely
distributed in a dispersed way.
```
If I get what you meant. Trying to make the sentence simpler, to avoid the addition of chance and (un)likely.
